readme.md, before:

# Chrome Extension generator [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chrome-extension.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chrome-extension)

Maintainer: [Jimmy Moon](https://github.com/ragingwind)

> Chrome Extension generator that creates everything you need to get started with extension development. You can choose Browser UI(Browser,Page Action, Omnibox) type and select into permissions what you need.

## Getting Started

- First make a new directory, and `cd` into it: mkdir my-new-chrome-extension && cd $_
- Install the generator: `npm install -g generator-chrome-extension`
- Run: `yo chrome-extension`, optionally passing an extension name: yo chrome-extension [extension-name]

Need more information about Chrome Extension? Please visit [Google Chrome Extension Develpment](http://developer.chrome.com/extensions/devguide.html)

![](http://recordit.co/H5y0XHYwgf.gif)

## Generators

Available generators:

* [chrome-extension](#app) (aka [chrome-extension:app](#app))

### App

Sets up a new Chrome Extension, generating all the boilerplate you need to get started.

Example:
```bash
yo chrome-extension
```

## Test Chrome Extension

To test, go to: chrome://extensions, enable Developer mode and load app as an unpacked extension.

## Debug

Support for LiveReload

Example:
```bash
grunt debug
```

## Build & Package

By default, generators compress the file that was created by building a js/css/html/resource file. You can distribute the compressed file using the Chrome Developer Dashboard to publish to the Chrome Web Store.

Run this command to build your Chrome Extension project.

Example:
```bash
grunt build
```

## Options

* `--skip-install`

  Skips the automatic execution of `bower` and `npm` after
  scaffolding has finished.

* `--test-framework=[framework]`

  Defaults to `mocha`. Can be switched for
  another supported testing framework like `jasmine`.

* `--coffee`

  Add support for [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/).

* `--compass`

  Add support for [Compass](http://compass-style.org/).

 > WARN, Compiled files that generated by coffee or compass will be remained if your Chrome App is running on Chrome App container (with `grunt debug`). You should remove or ignore that files if you don't want to commit to repo.

## Contribute

See the [contributing docs](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/blob/master/contributing.md)

## License

[BSD license](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)

Commit message:

Clarify README.md on Auto-reloading

readme.md, after:

# Chrome Extension generator [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chrome-extension.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/yeoman/generator-chrome-extension)

Maintainer: [Jimmy Moon](https://github.com/ragingwind)

> Chrome Extension generator that creates everything you need to get started with extension development. You can choose Browser UI(Browser,Page Action, Omnibox) type and select into permissions what you need.

## Getting Started

- First make a new directory, and `cd` into it: mkdir my-new-chrome-extension && cd $_
- Install the generator: `npm install -g generator-chrome-extension`
- Run: `yo chrome-extension`, optionally passing an extension name: yo chrome-extension [extension-name]

Need more information about Chrome Extension? Please visit [Google Chrome Extension Develpment](http://developer.chrome.com/extensions/devguide.html)

![](http://recordit.co/H5y0XHYwgf.gif)

## Generators

Available generators:

* [chrome-extension](#app) (aka [chrome-extension:app](#app))

### App

Sets up a new Chrome Extension, generating all the boilerplate you need to get started.

Example:
```bash
yo chrome-extension
```

## Test Chrome Extension

To test, go to: chrome://extensions, enable Developer mode and load app as an unpacked extension.

## Auto-reloading the Extension

Use `grunt debug` while developing. It automatically reloads the extension on Chrome when the files change. Fun fact: [this uses LiveReload behind the scenes](https://github.com/yeoman/generator-chrome-extension/issues/31#issuecomment-23689128).

## Build & Package

By default, generators compress the file that was created by building a js/css/html/resource file. You can distribute the compressed file using the Chrome Developer Dashboard to publish to the Chrome Web Store.

Run this command to build your Chrome Extension project.

Example:
```bash
grunt build
```

## Options

* `--skip-install`

  Skips the automatic execution of `bower` and `npm` after
  scaffolding has finished.

* `--test-framework=[framework]`

  Defaults to `mocha`. Can be switched for
  another supported testing framework like `jasmine`.

* `--coffee`

  Add support for [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/).

* `--compass`

  Add support for [Compass](http://compass-style.org/).

 > WARN, Compiled files that generated by coffee or compass will be remained if your Chrome App is running on Chrome App container (with `grunt debug`). You should remove or ignore that files if you don't want to commit to repo.

## Contribute

See the [contributing docs](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/blob/master/contributing.md)

## License

[BSD license](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)
